# Flipper-Zero-Momentum-Dev-Build-9-7-25-
This is a Momentum Firmware Dev Build for flipper zero. This version of the Dev Build is F09942A4 that was published in the MNTM Discord of 9/7/2025 server and I Included a 5G Wi-Fi Deauth for a RTL8720DN-BW16 Kit for flipper zero you probably might've bought on Amazon and can't find the app.

# How to install Firmware
To Install the firmware You will need qFlipper on a computer Windows, MacOs, Or linux. Open qFlipper and make sure your flipper zero is plugged in your computer. On the menu look for the option that says "Install from file", Click it, Now look for the the file that says "flipper-z-f7-update-mntm-dev-f09942a4.tgz" and double click it to install the update file. Once qFlipper asks "Install from file?" Click Install. It should now be Installing your custom firmware. (There are other ways to install firmware but I think the easist way for this kind of file is the Install from File method). So now you can wait for your flipper to get its update file. once it has installed it will download the full update file directly on the flipper.

# How to get app
First you will need to go to qFlipper SD card Tab, Go to Apps/GPIO/ (What I like to do to keep things organized is to make a new folder). Now in this folder, make a new folder by Right clicking an area where your mouse cursor is not hovering anything so you can right click on an empty space. Now name the folder about what your app or apps if your dragging multiple apps in the folder "5G Wi-Fi" or whatever you want to call the folder (I reccomend you put a number 1-9 in the starting of the file name so you can access the folder more easily). Now drag your app(s) from where you saved it in your files or downloads to the empty space of the newly created folder and boom you should now have your app(s)!
